Write "Introduction to ROV Operations"

Complete newest version of Pro 4 Operator's Manual

Complete Pro 4 Control Panel Maintenance Manual

Prepare for M5 Documentation

Write Accessory Operator's Manuals
	600XL Sonde
	Cathodic Protection Probe
	CoPilot RI
	CoPilot Sonar
	Cutter
	External Camera
	Gemini Imaging Sonar
	GoPro HD Camera Kit
	Hull Inspection Stabilizer
	Laser Scaling Device
	Manipulator
	Articulating Manipulator
	Micron Echosounder
	Micron Nav
	Micron Scanning Sonar
	PAM (Protocol Adapter and Multiplexer)
	ProViewer Imaging Sonar
	ROV GPS Antenna
	Radiation Sensor
	Smart Tether
	Ultrasonic Thickness Gauge
	Zoom Camera
        Leak Detector
	Diagnostic Octopus

Improve DynaDoc

Work with VideoRay customers to create Industry Guides

Write ROV SOPs working with VideoRay staff and/or users

Implement general public comments in My_Notes for online versions

Integrate training videos from Marketing

Renew FAQ and link FAQs to documentation

Develop VideoRay Quality Manual and Process documentation

Brainstorm next generation documentation development and delivery systems

Work with PE to implement Parts Navigator / Manufacturing Data system

1.	Use simple language (subject – verb – object)  This helps ensure the meaning gets through and makes it easier for people who don’t speak English as their first language.
2.	Avoid contractions
3.	Avoid pronouns or ambiguity (example:  "Plug in the computer to the control panel and turn it on."  Does "it" mean the computer or the control panel or both?)
4.	Be careful of colloquial double meanings.  "Did the alarm go off?"  Could mean it went off (on), or it went off (off).  Instead – Did the alarm light illuminate?
5.	When asking questions, use a numbered list and only one question per line. (helps ensure they answer all questions so we don’t have to go back and forth)
6.	Likewise, when providing diagnostics or resolution steps use a numbered list and only one step per line.
7.	Use direct links to the documentation (almost 50% of our responses include these) Example: "Make sure the Aux Selector Switch is set to the down position in order to use the BlueView – see: http://download.videoray.com/documentation/pro_4/html/panel_connections.html"  Remind them each system (Pro 4 and Pro 4 Ultra) includes online documentation.
8.	Build rapport (balance of professional, friendly and humorous – each when appropriate) – ask about the weather or current events – i.e. very mild in Northern Europe this past winter while we were colder than normal.
9.	Ask if they feel confident to enact the test or solution and offer to assist further if necessary.
10.	Set goals and attempt to achieve them for response times and other metrics.
11.	We track and maintain the full message threads.
12.	Follow up to ensure satisfaction or any unresolved issues before closing any cases.


Operator's Manual
SOP Manual
Training Manual
Maintenance Manual
Parts Navigator
Assembly Manual
VITAL
Industry Guide


Link to video
Link to www page
Link to add comment
